dirt
my name is Judy I'm here and I'm from
right here behind that Jason would look
who I found just floating around
wandering the grounds that guy bangs uh
it's a fun Resort it's I would say it's
like we saw like pretty Rolly you have
like big off piste as well it's not
snowboard friendly there's a lot of plat
part which I I love watching Nate being
being stuck on the flat chula plan is
this year 50 years old which is pretty
interesting with the architecture it's
started as a development of the whole
valley in talent as they did love a
bunch of ski resort or different people
to go on vacation it's my hometown so
it's like for mates omits a relaxing
this is quality backcountry it's really
bigger it's connected to the Zack so
it's you know it's huge like you don't
even want to go over there it's too long
yeah ma it's the mad like I was like
hoping is gonna be on the trip to that
such good talented last year it's always
been a very freestyle oriented it's very
very can it's very chill it's not like
chemin II like where everybody's like
are good to eat like it's got him at all
and I really enjoy it it's my home
Johnny D Cesar the man the legend of
poor boys my name is Julian rainy and
you're watching postcard from poor boys
production
you